I want to create a admin page for my hostel management system that has the following sidebar pages, i am explaining each of them one by one, each of them contains a table in which DATA will be shown from the database keep it empty till i connect the database manually.
the page layout is shown in the image uploaded as “page_layout”
now the sidebar pages,
DASHBOARD:
the design is uploaded as image “dashboard_layout” which contains 3 data i.e total students, total rooms, total courses.
2. CHANGE PASSWORD
this gives a dashboard to change the password which asks old password, new password, confirm password and the button to change or cancel.
3. COURSES
this sidebar will have a dropdown menu, that has options to 
a. add courses
this will have an option to add course by entering the course name
b. manage courses
this will show the individual table for all 4 courses
4.ROOMS
this sidebar will have a dropdown menu, that has options to manage and add a room
we have 4 floor with 12 rooms in each floor, and 3 seater facilities
5.MANAGE STUDENTS
this sidebar will have a dropdown menu, that has options to 
a. manage students
this will have a table with following coloumn, s no, student name, registration no, contant no, room no, staying from, action
b. add student
6.TAKE ATTENDENCE
this will have a table that has retro buttons to take attendence of all the students, the table shows sr.no., student name, student roll, attendance (p/a)
7.REQUEST LEAVE
this is the section where all the request leaves from student will show up in a table with option to either accecpt or reject the leave,
the table will have the folllowing coloumns, rollno,student name, stream, permission type, reason for leave, leave date/time, return date/time, place of visit, contact no, accecpt/reject
the ui for leave request section will be as the image uploaded in “leave_request_ui”
8.COMPLAINT BOX
The table will contain coloums named as, id, name, class, contact, email, email, issue date, topic, view.
9.USER ACCESS LOGS
this has the table that shows the following data, sr no, user id, user email, login time.
10.LOG OUT
ju9st simple log out option